[M] Today, we will be introducing our new segment,
which will be replacing our former Wednesday WTF, a.k.a. Wonderful Treasure Find.
So today, we introduce to you:
[M] We'll be wanking every Wednesday from now on!
[S] We'll be the biggest, most dedicated WANKers Korea has ever seen.
[M] You know, now that I hear that word out loud for
the first time, I think wank might have a different meaning.
[S] You're right. I've heard that word before. [M] Yeah...
[S] You know what it is? (light bulb appearing over person's head sound)
Wank is a very popular mountain in Southern Germany.
[M] Ahh! Yeah, the Wank is actually a really popular hiking destination. [S] Yes!
[M] And you can actually stay overnight on the Wank at the Wank House.
[S] That's right. Right, so just to clear things up,
we're not talking about the Wank mountain
because I know a lot of you were confused by that.
[M] I'm sure.
[S] We're talking about a totally different kind of WANK.
[M] Ok. Now this isn't going to be like a simple, boring day trip.
We've thought of some devious challanges
and like plans to make our wanking adventures more exciting.
[S] Number one: Kind of like a 'Where's Waldo' in Korea,
we have to find a picture of a Kpop idol and
take a picture of ourselves wanking in front of it.
[M] Number 2: Both Simon and I will be on
the lookout for really creative uses of Engrish.
[S] Oh, there's lots of it.  [M] There sure is.
And you guys will vote on which one
of us picked the best Engrish!
You can do so in the facebook poll
or in the comments underneath this video.
It's probably gonna be me.
[S] Doubt it. [M] I'm pretty good at that.
[S] I'm much better. [M] My eye's always open for it.
[S] And number 3: Each video we're gonna have a
random challange. A showdown. A WANK-off if you will.
The loser of each challange will be punished.
The loser will roll the random punishment die
and suffer the dire consequences. (Wiggles fingers)
[M] So next week we've actually prepared a special Christmas shopping WANK in Myeongdong!
Yes! But after that we'd like you guys to participate
in helping us choose where we want to go.
[S] It could be a broad idea.
For example, what's an ice cream shop in Korea like?
Or it could be something more specific like I want you to
go to this university and show us what it is like.
Please leave your suggestions for future WANKing locations in the comments of this video,
on our Twitter, or on Facebook.
[M] Oh we almost forgot!   [S] Right.
[M] The winners of our last WTF, the two care packages
will be announced in the Blooper footage. [S] Oh, yes!
[S] So make sure you subscribe so you can stay up-to-date
with all of our Wonderful Adventure Now Korea videos.
(Bong) Thanks for watching the WANK of EYK! Bye!